A quick and dirty setup guide:

1. Get the source
	git clone the repo

2. Get prerequisites
	Install couchdb to your system
	Install npm to your system

3. Pull web app components for EER
	cd EquineEventReporter
	npm install
	node_modules/bower/bin/bower install

4. Start EER
	Start couchdb
	./run_eer.sh
	Open a browser to http://localhost:3000

5. Warnings
	This was written by a programmer for a programmer. There are sharp edges and pointy bits all over it.
	There are no "undo" buttons. If you delete something, that's permanent. This can wreck the event to the point that you have to start a new one; see previous point.

	You can access the site on a different machine than the one that's hosting it, but you really shouldn't - it's insecure.
	Don't have the site open on more than one browser at a time. Doing this is asking for trouble.
	Don't click on stuff quickly or you'll piss couch and/or the application off.

	If the website isn't working, the local server is probably down.
	If you get lots of red curly braces in the website, couch probably isn't running.
	If everything but generating pairings is working, the mwm daemon probably isn't running.

6. Use
	Open the site and click on Events on the left
	Type a name into the Add Event field and press the +
	Click on the event below
		This adds the Players, Matches and Matches - Slips links to the left menu; these are specific to the event you chose
	Click Players on the left
	Add players as necessary (at least 3)
		EER won't pair people who haven't been marked as paid
		If you aren't using EER to manage payments, check the paid box
	Click Matches on the left
		The default filter is something strange and we haven't bothered to fix this
		Click one of the All/Current/Completed links if nothing is showing up
	Click Pair Next Match
		Note that one player has a bye (you might need to click All)
	Click Matches - Slips on the left
		Print this out if you want
	Click Matches on the left
		Click on one of the player names to track who won a match
		Click on the '1st's to track who went first; this doesn't actually affect anything so you don't need to deal with it if you don't want to
	Once everyone has reported, click Players on the left for standings
		This shows you win/loss/draw, points, and tiebreakers
		If somebody drops, click the checkbox and they won't be paired
	Click Matches on the left
	Click Pair Next Match
	Etc
